The way get started is to quit talking and begin doing.

The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.

Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.

You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.

It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.

If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.

People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.

Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.

We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.

Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do.

Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like?

We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.

Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right.

Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.

The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.

The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.

Creativity is intelligence having fun.

What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time.

Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are.

Develop an ‘Attitude of Gratitude’. Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything they do for you.

You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.

To see what is right and not do it is a lack of courage.

Reading is to the mind, as exercise is to the body.

Fake it until you make it! Act as if you had all the confidence you require until it becomes your reality.

The future belongs to the competent. Get good, get better, be the best!

For every reason it’s not possible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded.

Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.

A room without books is like a body without a soul.

I think goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time.

One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals.

Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities.

The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.

You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.

A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.

There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.

Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership. Always keep your word.

Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people

Leaders set high standards. Refuse to tolerate mediocrity or poor performance

Clarity is the key to effective leadership. What are your goals?

The best leaders have a high Consideration Factor. They really care about their people

Leaders think and talk about the solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems.

The key responsibility of leadership is to think about the future. No one else can do it for you.

The effective leader recognizes that they are more dependent on their people than they are on them. Walk softly.

Leaders never use the word failure. They look upon setbacks as learning experiences.

Practice Golden Rule Management in everything you do. Manage others the way you would like to be managed.

Superior leaders are willing to admit a mistake and cut their losses. Be willing to admit that you’ve changed your mind. Don’t persist when the original decision turns out to be a poor one.

Leaders are anticipatory thinkers. They consider all consequences of their behaviors before they act.

The true test of leadership is how well you function in a crisis.

Leaders concentrate single-mindedly on one thing– the most important thing, and they stay at it until it’s complete.

The three ‘C’s’ of leadership are Consideration, Caring, and Courtesy. Be polite to everyone.

Respect is the key determinant of high-performance leadership. How much people respect you determines how well they perform.

Leadership is more who you are than what you do.

Entrepreneurial leadership requires the ability to move quickly when opportunity presents itself.

Leaders are innovative, entrepreneurial, and future-oriented. They focus on getting the job done.

Leaders are never satisfied; they continually strive to be better.

All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.

Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.

Believe you can and you're halfway there.

Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.

Be more concerned with your character than with your reputation. Your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.

Change your thoughts and you change your world.

What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?

Success is never final. Failure is never fatal. It is courage that counts.

Edison failed 10, 000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.

If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.

Out of clutter, find Simplicity. From discord, find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.

Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.

The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.

A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.

Belief creates the actual fact.

Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.

Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.

The best way out is always through.

We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.

We convince by our presence.

With self-discipline most anything is possible.

True meditation is about being fully present with everything that is–including discomfort and challenges. It is not an escape from life.

Anyone who practices can obtain success in yoga but not one who is lazy. Constant practice alone is the secret of success.

The body is your temple. Keep it pure and clean for the soul to reside in.

Inhale the future. Exhale the past.

Yoga is not just repetition of few postures – it is more about the exploration and discovery of the subtle energies of life.

Yoga exists in the world because everything is linked.

Yoga is a light, which once lit, will never dim. The better your practice, the brighter the flame.

Yoga is the perfect opportunity to be curious about who you are.

Yoga is 99% practice and 1% theory.

Yoga is the fountain of youth. You’re only as young as your spine is flexible.

Yoga is a dance between control and surrender — between pushing and letting go — and when to push and to let go becomes part of the creative process, part of the open-ended exploration of your well-being.

Yoga is not about tightening your ass. It’s about getting your head out of it.

Yoga is not about touching your toes. It is what you learn on the way down.

The pose begins when you want to get out of it.

Yoga teaches us to cure what need not be endured and endure what cannot be cured.

The nature of yoga is to shine the light of awareness into the darkest corners of the body.

We don’t transcend our lives; we return to the life we left behind in the hopes of something better.

Take care of your body, it’s the only place you have to live.

Inner peace begins the moment you choose not to allow another person or event to control your emotions.

Yoga does not just change the way we see things, it transforms the person who sees.

Doing anything with attention to how you feel is doing yoga.

Yoga allows you to find an inner peace that is not ruffled and riled by the endless stresses and struggles of life.

Yoga is about clearing away whatever is in us that prevents our living in the most full and whole way.

With yoga, we become aware of how and where we are restricted — in body, mind, and heart — and how gradually to open and release these blockages.

As our blockages are cleared, our energy is freed. We start to feel more harmonious, more at one with ourselves. Our lives begin to flow — and we begin to flow more in our lives.

You cannot always control what goes on outside, but you can always control what goes on inside.

The study of asana is not about mastering posture. It’s about using posture to understand and transform yourself.

Yoga is a way of moving into stillness in order to experience the truth of who you are.

Yoga teaches you how to listen to your body.

The universe does this thing where it aligns you with people, things, and situations that match the energy you put out.

The more you improve yourself and raise your vibration, the more you will see things that are beneficial to your well-being.

Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.

If you seek peace, be still. If you seek wisdom, be silent. If you seek love, be yourself.

True yoga is not about the shape of your body, but the shape of your life. Yoga is not to be performed; yoga is to be lived.

Yoga doesn’t care about what you have been. Yoga cares about the person you are becoming.

Yoga is designed for a vast and profound purpose, and for it to be truly called yoga, its essence must be embodied.

When you find peace within yourself, you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others.

You either get bitter or get better. It’s that simple. You either take what has been dealt to you and allow it to make you a better person, or you allow it to tear you down. The choice does not belong to fate, it belongs to you.

Yoga begins right where I am – not where I was yesterday or where I long to be.

When you truly embrace the concept of change being constant, the only thing left to do is grow, detach, venture inwards, touch the spirit, and find your source.

Don’t move the way fear makes you move. Move the way love makes you move. Move the way joy makes you move.

I have been a seeker and I still am, but I stopped asking the books and the stars. I started listening to the teaching of my Soul.

You are the sky, everything else is just the weather.

Yoga is not a work-out, it is a work-in. And this is the point of spiritual practice: to make us teachable and  to open up our hearts and focus our awareness so that we can know what we already know, and be who we already are.

It is not arrogant or egotistical to feel good inside. You had nothing to do with it. It’s simply the honest response to clearly perceived Reality.

I offer you peace. I offer you love. I offer you friendship. I see your beauty. I hear your need. I feel your feelings. My wisdom flows from the Highest Source. I salute that Source in you. Let us work together for unity and love.

Yoga is a light which once lit will never dim, the better your practice the brighter your flame.

If you choose to see everything as a miracle, then where you are right now is perfect.

There is nothing else to do except be in this moment and allow what is to be. From that place of radical acceptance, major change can happen.

The first step in any transformational experience is acceptance and surrender to the present moment. From that place, we have the awareness, humility and power to change what is.

Wisdom is knowing we are all One. Love is what it feels like and compassion is what it acts like.

Have only love in your heart for others. The more you see the good in them, the more you will establish good in yourself.

Mindfulness helps you go home to the present. And every time you go there and recognize a condition of happiness that you have, happiness comes.

Inner peace begins the moment you choose not to allow another person or event to control your emotions.

Your soul is your best friend. Treat it with care, nurture it with growth, feed it with love.

The body benefits from movement and the mind benefits from stillness.

Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.

Be a lamp to yourself. Be your own confidence. Hold on to the truth within yourself as to the only truth.

For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it. For every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it. For every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it.

There will always be people who can do it better than you, but that’s a good thing! Start to see competition as inspiration without envy.

Accepting means you allow yourself to feel whatever it is you are feeling at that moment. It is part of the isness of the Now. You can’t argue with what is. Well, you can, but if you do, you suffer.

Once you’re in touch with the life force around us, it’s natural to want to help keep it around.

Yoga is the journey of the self, through the self, and to the self.

Yoga is a dance between control and surrender – between pushing and letting go – and when to push and when to let go becomes part of the creative process and part of the open-ended exploration of your being.

Each of us is a lake of love. Yet strangely enough, we are all thirsty.

Yoga is the perfect opportunity to be curious about who you are.

You are on the path and exactly where you are meant to be right now. And from here, you can only go forward, shaping your life story into a magnificent tale of triumph, healing, courage, beauty, wisdom, power, dignity, and love.

The best thing you could do is master the chaos in you. You are not thrown into the fire. You are the fire.

The very heart of yoga practice is abhyasa, the steady effort in the direction you want to go.

Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, and a beautiful thing.

Close your eyes and imagine the best version of you possible. That’s who you really are. Let go of any part of you that doesn’t believe it.

Remember, it doesn’t matter how deep into a posture you go. What does matter is who you are when you get there.

Yoga does not change the way we see things, it transforms the person who sees.

Live life as if everything is rigged in your favor.

Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.

People often say that motivation does not last. Well, neither does bathing. That’s why we recommend it daily.

First, have a definite, clear practical ;ideal an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end.

When one door of happiness closes, another opens. But often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us.

The true miracle lies in our eagerness to allow, appreciate, and honor the uniqueness, and freedom of each sentient being to sing the song of their heart.

The ultimate goal of yoga is to always observe things accurately, and therefore never act in a way that will make us regret our actions later.

Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.

The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.

The body is your temple. Keep it pure and clean for the soul to reside in.

Yoga is possible for anybody who really wants it. Yoga is universal…. But don’t approach yoga with a business mind looking for worldly gain.

Your task is not to seek for love but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built.

My sole literary ambition is to write one good novel, then retire to my hut in the desert, assume the lotus position, compose my mind and senses, and sink into meditation, contemplating my novel.

Yoga is about clearing away whatever is in us that prevents our living in the most full and whole way.

Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.

Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us.

If you hear a voice within you say, You cannot paint, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.

Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.

When you are looking in the mirror, you are looking at the problem. But, remember, you are also looking at the solution.

There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your own self.

In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer.

The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.

A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men.

Make each day your masterpiece.

Every moment is a fresh beginning.

When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.

I close my eyes in order to see.

Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.

You cannot do yoga. Yoga is your natural state. What you can do are yoga exercises, which may reveal to you where you are resisting your natural state.

A photographer gets people to pose for him. A yoga instructor gets people to pose for themselves.

Anyone who practices can obtain success in yoga, but not one who is lazy. Constant practice alone is the secret of success.

Before you’ve practiced, the theory is useless. After you’ve practiced, the theory is obvious.

Exercises are like prose, whereas yoga is the poetry of movements. Once you understand the grammar of yoga, you can write your poetry of movements.

Yoga is really trying to liberate us from shame about our bodies. To love your body is a very important thing. I think the health of your mind depends on your being able to love your body.

Yoga is almost like music in a way; there’s no end to it.

The gift of learning to meditate is the greatest gift you can give yourself in this lifetime.

Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.

If I’m losing balance in a pose, I stretch higher and God reaches down to steady me. It works every time, and not just in yoga.

One of the fundamental principles of yoga is that a small action done repeatedly can make an enormous difference.

Anyone can practice. Young man can practice. Old man can practice. Very old man can practice. Man who is sick, he can practice. Man who doesn’t have strength can practice. Except lazy people; lazy people can’t practice Ashtanga yoga.

Clinging to life, flowing by its own potency, due to past experience, exists even in the wise.

By cultivating attitudes of friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and disregard toward the wicked, the mind-stuff retains its undisturbed calmness.

Crying is one of the highest devotional songs. One who knows crying knows spiritual practice. If you can cry with a pure heart, nothing else compares to such a prayer. Crying includes all the principles of Yoga.

The success of Yoga does not lie in the ability to perform postures, but in how it positively changes the way we live our life and our relationships.

Remember the emphasis on the heart. The mind lives in doubt and the heart lives in trust. When you trust, suddenly you become centered.

Hope is not a prediction of the future. It’s a declaration of what is possible.

The harmonizing of opposing forces is a key aspect of yoga. Hot energy is united with cool energy, strong with soft, and masculine with feminine.

That’s exactly how it is in yoga. The places where you have the most resistance are actually the places that are going to be the areas of the greatest liberation.

The aim of yoga is to eliminate the control that material nature exerts over the human spirit and to rediscover through introspective practice what is the still point of the turning world.

Yoga does not remove us from the reality or responsibilities of everyday life but rather places our feet firmly and resolutely in the practical ground of experience.

Practicing yoga during the day is a matter of keeping your eyes on the road and one ear turned toward the infinite.

Yoga is a way of moving into stillness in order to experience the truth of who you are.

Yoga is the unifying art of transforming dharma into action, be it through inspired thought, properly nurturing our children, a painting, a kindness or an act of peace that forever moves humanity forward.

Mountain pose is an affirmation. You can conquer anything with your natural boldness and resolute strength. Only you can reach the peak of your success.

The reward for doing yoga well is simple: you get to do a better job at living a fulfilling life.

Concentrating on poses clears the mind, while focusing on the breath helps the body shift out of fight or flight mode.

Your hand opens and closes and opens and closes. If it were always a fist or always stretched open, you would be paralyzed. Your deepest presence is in every small contracting and expanding, the two as beautifully balanced and coordinated as bird wings.

This yoga is not possible for the one who eats too much or who does not eat at all.

The more you meditate, the more helpful you can be to others, and the more deeply you will be in tune with God.

Silence is not silent. Silence speaks. It speaks most eloquently. Silence is not still. Silence leads. It leads most perfectly.

The perennial wisdom of the Bhagavad Gita can teach us how to transform our character, conduct, and consciousness to meet the challenges of everyday life.

You may think that only you are a prisoner, but other people are also prisoners. You are in a small prison, but others are in the big prison outside. When will they be released?

Mountain pose teaches us, literally, how to stand on our own two feet. Our bodies become a connection between heaven and earth.

The attitude of gratitude is the highest yoga.

Yoga is not a religion. It is a science, science of well-being, science of youthfulness, science of integrating body, mind and soul.

Yoga is 99 percent practice and one percent theory.

Life would be much easier and substantially less painful if we lived with the knowledge of impermanence as the only constant.

If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete.

Every waking moment we talk to ourselves about the things we experience. Our self-talk (the thoughts we communicate to ourselves) in turn control the way we feel and act.

Habits allow us to not think about what we’re doing giving us the illusion of ease. When we are under the illusion of ease, we are not thinking about what we’re doing.

This world is your body. This world is a great school, This world is your silent teacher.

Yoga is the fountain of youth. You’re only as young as your spine is flexible.

For those wounded by civilization, yoga is the most healing salve.

Inhale, and God approaches you. Hold the inhalation, and God remains with you. Exhale, and you approach God. Hold the exhalation, and surrender to God.

The Self in you is the same as the Self Universal. Whatever powers are manifested throughout the world, those powers exist in germ, in latency, and in you. If you realize the unity of the Self amid the diversities of the Not-Self, Yoga will not seem an impossible thing to you.

When the breath wanders, the mind also is unsteady. But when the breath is calmed, the mind too will be still, and the yogi achieves long life. Therefore, one should learn to control the breath.

Undisturbed calmness of mind is attained by cultivating friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and indifference toward the wicked.

Yoga practice can make us more and more sensitive to subtler and subtler sensations in the body. Paying attention to and staying with finer and finer sensations within the body is one of the surest ways to steady the wandering mind.

A person experiences life as something separated from the rest – a kind of optical delusion of consciousness. Our task must be to free ourselves from this self-imposed prison, and through compassion, to find the reality of Oneness.

The practice of Yoga brings us face to face with the extraordinary complexity of our own being.

When you inhale, you are taking the strength from God. When you exhale, it represents the service you are giving to the world.

Do your practice and all is coming.

Yoga, an ancient but perfect science, deals with the evolution of humanity. This evolution includes all aspects of one’s being, from bodily health to self realization.

Yoga means union – the union of body with consciousness and consciousness with the soul. Yoga cultivates the ways of maintaining a balanced attitude in day to day life and endows skill in the performance of one’s actions.

For me, yoga is not just a workout – it’s about working on yourself.

By embracing your mother wound as your yoga, you transform what has been a hindrance in your life into a teacher of the heart.

Don’t move the way fear makes you move. Move the way love makes you move. Move the way joy makes you move.

True yoga is not about the shape of your body, but the shape of your life. Yoga is not to be performed; yoga is to be lived.

Yoga doesn’t care about what you have been; yoga cares about the person you are becoming. Yoga is designed for a vast and profound purpose, and for it to be truly called yoga, its essence must be embodied.

Yoga is the cessation of the movements of the mind. Then there is abiding in the seer’s own form.

Penetration of our mind is our goal, but in the beginning to set things in motion, there is no substitute for sweat.

Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.

True meditation is about being fully present with everything that is, including discomfort and challenges. It is not an escape from life.

Yoga is not just repetition of few postures – it is more about the exploration and discovery of the subtle energies of life.

Most people have no idea how good their body is designed to feel.

When you listen to yourself, everything comes naturally. It comes from inside, like a kind of will to do something. Try to be sensitive. That is yoga.

I was looking for someone to inspire me, motivate me, support me, and keep me focused. I was looking for someone who would love me, cherish me, and make me happy. I realized all along that I was looking for myself.

That’s why it’s called a practice. We have to practice a practice if it is to be of value.

Yoga exists in the world because everything is linked.

Calming the mind is yoga. Not just standing on the head.

A flower does not think of competing to the flower next to it. It just blooms.

The study of asana is not about mastering posture. It’s about using posture to understand and transform yourself.

There is always room for change but you have to be open to that change.

Change is not something that we should fear. Rather, it is something that we should welcome. For without change, nothing in this world would ever grow or blossom, and no one in this world would ever move forward to become the person they’re meant to be.

The very heart of yoga practice is ‘abyhasa’: steady effort in the direction you want to go.

You will never influence the world by trying to be like it.

The body is your temple. Keep it pure and clean for the soul to reside in.
Give this world good energy.

Yoga is not just repetition of few postures – it is more about the exploration and discovery of the subtle energies of life.

When you listen to yourself, everything comes naturally. It comes from inside, like a kind of will to do something. Try to be sensitive. That is yoga.

Yoga is the perfect opportunity to be curious about who you are.

Yoga is invigoration in relaxation. Freedom in routine. Confidence through self-control. Energy within and energy without.

The nature of yoga is to shine the light of awareness into the darkest corners of the body.

Take care of your body, it’s the only place you have to live.

All kidding aside, if everyone did yoga, we would have world peace.

The future depends on what we do in the present.

Do not feel lonely.  The entire universe is inside of you.

Inner peace begins the moment you choose not to allow another person or event to control your emotions.

Your body can do it. It’s your mind you need to convince.

Doing anything with attention to how you feel is doing yoga.

Yoga allows you to find an inner peace that is not ruffled and riled by the endless stresses and struggles of life.

Yoga is about clearing away whatever is in us that prevents our living in the most full and whole way. With yoga, we become aware of how and where we are restricted — in body, mind, and heart — and how gradually to open and release these blockages.

You cannot always control what goes on outside, but you can always control what goes on inside.

The study of asana is not about mastering posture. It’s about using posture to understand and transform yourself.

Yoga is a way of moving into stillness in order to experience the truth of who you are.


We’re fascinated by the words, but where we meet is in the silence behind them.

I hang out with my guru in my heart. And I love every thing in the universe. That’s all I do all day.

It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed.

As we grow in our consciousness, there will be more compassion and more love, and then the barriers between people, between religions, between nations will begin to fall. Yes, we have to beat down the separateness.

Your problem is you are too busy holding on to your unworthiness.

Our plans never turn out as tasty as reality.

Each of us finds his unique vehicle for sharing with others his bit of wisdom.
Suffering is part of our training program for becoming wise.

Let’s trade in all our judging for appreciating. Let’s lay down our righteousness and just be together.

The next message you need is always right where you are.

We come into relationships often very much identified with our needs. I need this, I need security, I need refuge, I need friendship. And all of relationships are symbiotic in that sense. We come together because we fulfill each others’ needs at some level or other.

In most of our human relationships, we spend much of our time reassuring one another that our costumes of identity are on straight.

I sit with people who are dying. I’m one of those unusual types that enjoys being with someone when they’re dying because I know I am going to be in the presence of Truth.

We’re all just walking each other home.

Treat everyone you meet like God in drag.

The thinking mind is what is busy. You have to stay in your heart. You have to be in your heart. The rest is up here in your head where you are doing, doing, doing.

My guru said that when he suffers, it brings him closer to God. I have found this, too.

From a Hindu perspective, you are born as what you need to deal with, and if you just try and push it away, whatever it is, it’s got you.

In India, there’s a way of seeing life as a cosmic play. It’s called Lila. I can watch my life, and I can see my guru playing with me.

I have always said that often the religion you were born with becomes more important to you as you see the universality of truth.

The most exquisite paradox is that as soon as you give it all up, you can have it all. As long as you want power, you can’t have it. The minute you don’t want power, you’ll have more than you ever dreamed possible.

What you meet in another being is the projection of your own level of evolution.
As long as you have certain desires about how it ought to be you can’t see how it is.

If you think you’re free, there’s no escape possible.

A feeling of aversion or attachment toward something is your clue that there’s work to be done.

It’s all real and it’s all illusory: that’s Awareness!

Every religion is the product of the conceptual mind attempting to describe the mystery.

Be here, now!

The game is not about becoming somebody. It’s about becoming nobody.

If you think you’re enlightened, go spend a week with your family.

I am in this body, and this is part of my incarnation and I honor it but that isn’t who I am.

Be patient. You’ll know when it’s time for you to wake up and move ahead.

Inspiration is God making contact with itself.


Compassion refers to the arising in the heart of the desire to relieve the suffering of all beings.

Stop looking outside for scraps of pleasure or fulfillment, for validation, security, or love – you have a treasure within that is infinitely greater than anything the world can offer.

Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have. 

Accept, then act. Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it, this will miraculously transform your whole life.

If not now, when?

Stress is caused by being ‘here’ but wanting to be ‘there’.

People don’t realize that now is all there ever is: there is no past or future except as memory or anticipation in your mind.

The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it.

If the only prayer you ever say is "Thank You," that will be enough.

The past has no power over the present moment.

You can only lose something that you have, you cannot lose something that you are.

When you complain, you make yourself a victim. Leave the situation, change the situation or accept it. All else is madness.

Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending on hanging on.


Anything that you resent and strongly react to in another is also in you.

Being at ease with not knowing is crucial for answers to come to you.

Rather than being your thoughts and emotions be the awareness behind them.

Let go of thought, become still and alert and don’t try to understand or explain.

I have little use for the past and rarely think about it.

Doing is never enough if you neglect being.

Stillness is the only thing in this world that has no form. But then, it is not really a thing, and it is not of this world.

To love is to recognize yourself in another.

When you lose touch with your inner stillness, you lose touch with yourself. When you lose touch with yourself, you lose yourself in the world.

All problems are illusions of the mind.

It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.

Life isn’t as serious as the mind makes it out to be.

Presence is the key. Now is the key.

Life will give you whatever experience is the most helpful for the evolution of your consciousness.

To complain is always non-acceptance of what is.

Awareness is the greatest agent for change.

So the single most vital step on your journey toward enlightenment is this: learn to disidentify from your mind.

What a liberation to realize that the "voice in my head" is not who I am. Who am I then? I am the one who sees that.

Give up defining yourself.

You create a good future by creating a good present.

If I cannot live with myself, there must be two of me.

You are here to enable the divine purpose of the universe to unfold. That is how important you are.

Anything you accept fully will take you into peace. This is the miracle of surrender.

Faith is the substance of whatever it is that we hope for. The important thing is that we teach that faith is connected to goof works and responsibility.

Love is a state of being. Your love is not outside, it is deep within you. You can never lose it, and it cannot leave you.

Worry pretends to be necessary but it serves no useful purpose.

When you become comfortable with uncertainty, infinite possibilities open up in your life.

All you need to know and observe in yourself is this: Whenever you feel superior or inferior to anyone, that’s the ego in you.

Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance.

Nothing that comes and goes is you.

The power is in you. The answer is in you. And you are the answer to all your searches. You are the goal. You are the answer. It’s never outside.

Be true to life by being true to your inner purpose. As you become present and thereby total in what you do, your actions become charged with spiritual power.

If you get the inside right, the outside will fall into place.

There’s something in everybody that longs for that awakening to be more true to yourself.

We tend to think of meditation in only one way. But life itself is a meditation.

A good meditation, even when it is interrupted by occasional nodding, is much more beneficial than many outward religious exercises.

If we know the divine art of concentration, if we know the divine art of meditation, if we know the divine art of contemplation, easily and consciously we can unite the inner world and the outer world.

Meditation is painful in the beginning but it bestows immortal bliss and supreme joy in the end.

Mindful meditation has been discovered to foster the ability to inhibit those very quick emotional impulses.

When the breath wanders the mind also is unsteady. But when the breath is calmed the mind too will be still, and the yogi achieves long life. Therefore, one should learn to control the breath.

Generally we waste our lives, distracted from our true selves, in endless activity. Meditation is the way to bring us back to ourselves, where we can really experience and taste our full being.

Meditation is such a more substantial reality than what we normally take to be reality.

Yoga is possible for anybody who really wants it.  Yoga is universal, but don’t approach yoga with a business mind looking for worldly gain.

The affairs of the world will go on forever. Do not delay the practice of meditation.

To perform every action artfully is yoga.

There are different things one can do to establish and hasten the peace process. Meditation is one way.

Yoga began with the first person wanting to be healthy and happy all the time.

The more intense the nature of a man, the more readily will he find meditation, and the more successfully will he practice it.

If you want to find God, hang out in the space between your thoughts.

After a few years of meditation practice we can even learn how to occasionally ignore ourselves. And what relief that can be!

The first recipe for happiness is: Avoid too lengthy meditation on the past.

This life that has been given to us as a gift, as such a precious gift. To really try to understand it, really try to recognize it, is the greatest meditation. Through the media of this Knowledge we can tap into our inner sources that are so beautiful.

Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.

I do yoga so that I can stay flexible enough to kick my own arse if necessary.

All of man’s difficulties are caused by his inability to sit quietly in a room by himself.

Some people think that meditation takes time away from physical accomplishment. Taken to extremes, of course, that’s true. Most people, however, find that meditation creates more time than it takes.

When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a lamp in a windless place.

Sun salutations can energize and warm you, even on the darkest, coldest winter day.

Meditation brings wisdom; lack of meditation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.

Prayer is when you talk to God; meditation is when you listen to God.

Meditation gives us peace of mind without a tranquilizer. And unlike a tranquilizer, the peace of mind that we get from meditation does not fade away. It lasts for good in some corner of the inmost recesses of our aspiring heart.

Better indeed is knowledge than mechanical practice. Better than knowledge is meditation. But better still is surrender of attachment to results, because there follows immediate peace.

The yoga mat is a good place to turn when talk therapy and antidepressants aren’t enough.

Meditation practice isn’t about trying to throw ourselves away and become something better, It’s about befriending who we are.

Whatever forms of meditation you practice, the most important point is to apply mindfulness continuously, and make a sustained effort. It is unrealistic to expect results from meditation within a short period of time. What is required is continuous sustained effort.

If it weren’t for my mind, my meditation would be excellent.

If your mind is empty, it is always ready for anything; it is open to everything. In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, in the expert’s mind there are few.

Work is not always required. There is such a thing as sacred idleness.
